{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset77 CourierNewPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset77 Times-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9300\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Astro
\fs24 \
\'a9 2001 Keith Bauer\
uDevGame Contest 2001\

\f1 OneSadCookie@gmail.com
\f0 \
\

\fs36 About the Game
\fs24 \
\

\f2\b Overview
\f0\b0 \
Astro is a simple arcade-style game in the same sort of vein as Tetris.\
\

\f2\b Plot (such as it is)
\f0\b0 \
You are an alien UFO pilot, and for some reason unknown to you, your spaceship has been dumped in the middle of an asteroid belt.  You must dodge the asteroids in a vain attempt to escape.\
\

\f2\b Objects
\f0\b0 \
There are three kinds of object in the game.  Your spaceship is roundish and red, and begins at the bottom of the screen.  Asteroids are greyish and spherical.  They fall from the top of the screen.  Jewels are small and green.  If you pick up a jewel (by running it over) you get an extra life.\
\

\f2\b Scoring
\f0\b0 \
You get one point each time an asteroid falls off the bottom of the screen (but only if you're alive at the time!)\
\

\f2\b Controls
\f0\b0 \
From the main menu screen, you can use P or Q to play or quit, respectively.  You can also click the buttons.  If you get a new highscore, the P and Q shortcuts will be disabled while you type in your name.  In the game, use the arrow keys to move your spaceship round the screen.  You can press space to pause.\
\

\f2\b Requirements
\f0\b0 \
MacOSX; OpenGL hardware acceleration may or may not be necessary.\
\

\f2\b Known Bugs
\f0\b0 \
\'a5   Odd things may happen if you do something before confirming your name when you get a new highscore.\
\'a5   The startup sound makes a click.  This appears to be a problem with NSSound's wav file playback.\
\'a5   Things will look strange if you make the window a size which doesn't have a 4:3 aspect ratio.}